hi everyone this is Lauren and I'm
finally back finally got my camera
working good I'm so happy thanks to the
people at this spot so today I want to
tell you about the different types of
manicure trends that are going on for
this season now there are two types that
I've seen a lot on the different nail
blocks and different beauty websites and
the first one I want to tell you about
it's called the upgrade gradation
manicured some people say I'm right om
BR e or so people say gradation gr 88
tion so here's the picture of what it
looks like you can see it's different
shades of purple in one hand now this
first appeared on installs website and
basically what they did to create this
look is you take one dark shade of color
say they took the purple and they put a
drop a couple of drops of purple and
some acrylic dishes like five dishes and
they added a little bit of white polish
to each one to create the different hues
so that's one way of doing it but I'm
glad I found a different way and doing
the manicure and it's the ombre version
and basically I found this on another
beauty blog website and their creator
used two different shades of green it
was the dark green and a lime green and
she meets those two colors together so
many drops in each tribe in order to
create her colors and this is what it
looks like very pretty you see how she
has the Greens that go from light to
dark or dark to light however you want
to read it so I think that this is very
cute for this season and also doesn't
give you the skills of fact that some
people used to wear as little girls
where you have each
a different color it's very so I've
actually tried to mix it myself but my
white nail polish was actually also i'm
still looking for a good brand i know a
lot of people use the OPI out alpine
snow i think it's called so i may look
into getting that because I do want to
try this and again I think it's very
cute for this season and it also gives
you a kind of different look but it's
cute depend on yourself so again here's
the first one from instyle website and
this is the second from a beauty blog
that I usually read every day so tell me
what you think about that one now the
second one that I want what you need to
do in order to get ombre gradation
manicure at home is get one dark color
polish in a white polish or you can do
one dark color polish and a light color
polish but they can both be in the same
family for example you can do a very
deep purple and a light purple mixing
together or you can just do a dark
purple in a way and what you're going to
do is take about four or five small
acrylic dishes I found a pack of 20 of
these at hobby lobby for about two
dollars so that's not bad and so what
you're going to do is put different
amounts of each polish mixing on with
the toothpick in each one of these
dishes and you're going to polish each
nail a different color you're supposed
to start with the pinky with the
lightest and then goes to the darkest
color onto your thumb it's very simple
to do but I must warn you when mixing
your polishing your little dishes you
have to move very quickly because the
polished tends to think it and then drop
when it's in the dish so as soon as you
finish mixing one Hugh you want to go
ahead and move on to the next nail now
I've tried mixing my own colors then I
actually did them on a paper plate so
let me show you what I came up with so I
initially try to do the mixing with my
white polish that's now old and I'll
contaminate it because for some reason
it burned a hole through my paper plate
right there so I got rid of it before I
even used it on my nails but I mix the
colors up just to see how it would look
with the different colors I was thinking
about using instead of using one base
color I actually chose to use four
different colors well no five different
colors mixed with a white and then I
tried the five different colors mixed
with one base color so these are the
results that I got on my paper play and
as you can see it's different ones the
ones going straight down is going
straight down as the white and across as
the colors mix with a shiny pink that I
chose and I came up with different hues
and I already liked them so hopefully
when I do find me another great nail
polish white nail polish i will try this
out for you all but in the meantime you
could try that home yourselves and just
let me know how it goes and so now let's
move on to the second manicure okay so
the second manicure that I want to tell
you about this very popular this season
is the label t'en it is spelled ello you
be 0 UT IN and it's by the designer
shoemaker Christian label tonight that's
how you pronounce you know the shoes
with the red bottoms ok so this manicure
is basically you choose your favorite
color on top and up under the nail the
nail under there you paint it red so let
me show you a picture again of what it
is can you see the red ok so I think
that that's a very cute look as well
I've read a lot about it on the
different blocks I haven't seen it a lot
as well as the other why have seen the
other manicure the other man care a
little bit the ombre gradation one but
the labels and I haven't seen it a lot
not in person I have a seat
body up close just on pictures and on
the internet I've seen it before but I
think it's a really cute style and when
I grow out my nails a little bit more I
do plan on trying the design so let me
know what you all think about these two
different designs if you choose to try
them at home and I guess that's about it
so i will talk to you all soon five